load_printer "gramlib.cma"
load_printer "printers.cma"

install_printer Top_printers.prid
install_printer Top_printers.prlab
install_printer Top_printers.prmsid
install_printer Top_printers.prmbid
install_printer Top_printers.prdir
install_printer Top_printers.prmp
install_printer Top_printers.prkn
install_printer Top_printers.prcon
install_printer Top_printers.prsp
install_printer Top_printers.prqualid
install_printer Top_printers.ppbigint

install_printer Top_printers.pppattern
install_printer Top_printers.pprawterm

install_printer Top_printers.ppterm
install_printer Top_printers.print_uni
install_printer Top_printers.pp_universes
install_printer Top_printers.pptype
install_printer Top_printers.prj

install_printer Top_printers.prgoal
install_printer Top_printers.prsigmagoal
install_printer Top_printers.pproof
install_printer Top_printers.prevd
install_printer Top_printers.prclenv

install_printer Top_printers.pptac
install_printer Top_printers.pr_obj
install_printer Top_printers.pploc
                                                  

